[MTM-57155] Added info about widget preview image size (#1110)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/microfrontends-bundle/best-practices-for-packages.md

You can see a full example when you scaffold the *widget-plugin* with `c8ycli new`.
Note that the feature and example was added with version 10.17.0.

{{< c8y-admon-tip >}}

> The recommended size for preview images used for widgets is 340px X 340px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended size for preview images used for widgets is 340 x 340 pixels.
```
